Fix NPEs in Distribute (#1509)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-android: CHANGELOG.md

### App Center Distribute

> * **[Fix]** Fix NullPointerExceptions occurring in Distribute module.

Reviewer: Maybe make sense to clarify that this happens only when Dialog should be shown?

Author: If only "dialogs should be shown", as specifying exact cases would give too much unnecessary details. Thanks

### App Center Distribute

> * **[Fix]** Fix NullPointerExceptions occurring in Distribute module when dialogs were intended to be shown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix `NullPointerException`s occurring when dialogs were intended to be shown, but there is no foreground activity at that moment.
```
